Daughter-in-law, are you alright? I don't want money.
What the hell are you?
How dare you hit me?
What the hell is that?
This kid is Wu Tian
You are Wu Tian
I'll tell you what.
Qingshan Town without a gate, you are long dead, you know?
What's the big deal about playing with your wife?
Hey.
Let go of these dogs and get out of here
Damn it
I will kill you
Stop it
Who went out and you beat him?
Who the hell are you?
I don't even know who you are
Get me up and go
Hey Wu family master
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
But they bullied me
What do you say?
Madam has made you feel wronged
I apologize to you, it doesn't matter.
I'm not hurt.
Master Wu, don't worry.
I will punish these soldiers severely
Sir, we were confused for a while
We are usually good soldiers who abide by the law.
Are you forgiving me?
Yes, sir, even if there is no credit, there is also hard work.
Raise your hand
Who did the officer say your boss was?
Our boss is Deputy Manager Wang.
Adjutant Wang
Is that sick?
Then I also want the chief to let Wang Fugui
They don't recognize martial arts legends, but they recognize fights
Your army is too damaged
This qualification can also be mixed into the martial arts biography
This IQ is not at peace now
Why don't we go in and talk about it?
I'd like to see who the army is behind